All right.
In the last section, we have handled the errors related to our web searching.
And in the net in this section, we're going to complete the Web results.
So now we are getting an error saying no result find.
But if you search something that is okay, for example, the word hello, we get the results, but we
are just getting the title of the page.
We want to get the results like the one in the final version.
Very neat and clean.
First thing first, we want to get the the number of results here, the how many results we get the
second.
And then we're going to get each item separately using a map loop and we're going to style them using
table CSS.
So one of the.
Let's go back to Visual City code.
First.
I want to get these kind of results, like about numbers, the these kind of URLs, title description,
these things, and then we're going to style it using Taylor CSS.
So first thing first, we need to create another component for this result section.
So I'm going to open the Explorer section.
Let's create a component called, for example, Web.
Search.
Results.
36.
So we create this sound.
We just use RFC to create a React functional component.
And then we're going to add this one.
Inside the.
Web page such as x, this page.
And instead of just mapping it here, I'm going to pass the data as a props to that component.
And then we're going to use that data inside here.
So I'm not going to do anything here.
So I'm going to first delete this.
Map here and the H one tag.
So here we just the.
We just say, Well.
Search.
The result.
It's coming from the components folder.
We're going to import it as well.
Now we need to just pass the data.
We can just pass the results.
But I want to pass the data because I have I need some information about the number of pages, the time
and etc., which is existed in this data.
So I'm going to copy this data.
Come here.
I'm going to pass it with the name results.
So we're going to pass this data.
Now we can just go to Web search results and get that data here as a props.
So we just get it results with the structure it and put it here.
Now we can just use it inside our this page.
So instead of just writing down the search result, I'm going to change this one to a div, just an
empty day.
We're going to put a paragraph inside the paragraph.
We're going to just say about.
And then here we just as you get the information, the suggestion from GitHub copilot.
We want to get the results.
That information, the search information dot format, the total result is just say results and then
we get this results that search information and then that formatted search time.
And then we just say seconds, but we need to just protect this one tool.
Sometimes the result is not existed.
So I'm going to add some question mark here.
This is similar to you.
Just say if there is if, for example, like here, we just say if the result is true or existed and
then do this one.
So instead of that, you can just add a question mark here, which means the same things if existed
and then show it.
So for this one, we can do it as well.
So we get a protection.
We don't get an error if the results.
Is not existed.
So let's see what we can see.
Here is refresh the page.
So, okay, now we are getting about 4 million results and 0.20 7 seconds.
We got the results like this after that.
So we can style this one first and then we keep continue doing.
So I'm going to just add some class name here.
We just changed the text to be GRE 600.
We changed the text to be a small and finally we did.
I want to add some margin at a bottom of five and margin at a top of three.
So this is going to style this font like this a smaller but I want them to be here in the larger screen.
But in the mobile screen, I want it to be different.
So I'm going to add some style at the top div, which is going to cover both of these results and the
other results.
So I'm going to just style them like that.
So I want to just first say the width to be full 100%.
I bring them everything to the center using Amex Auto in the mobile screen mix of the sorry, not a
max auto.
This is going to bring them in the center when you use Flex.
Uh,
when you have a max width, this is going to work.
But for now, you don't see it.
So now we have a padding in the x axis of three and also padding at the bottom of 24.
The reason I have added this padding bottom 24 is for this footer, because the footer has 25 more.
Less than 24.
Here.
So we we're going to prevent everything to go under this footer because the footer position is absolute.
This is going to be on top of everything else.
So now we want to style it after the small size.
I want to add some padding in the left.
Of.
5%.
In the medium size.
I want to have some padding in the left of 14%.
And finally, for the large, we have a padding of 52, which is exactly like this two buttons.
So if we refresh the page, we see that it's just here next to this tab in this smaller screen.
This is the medium size we have.
As you can see, we have different space.
Now we have this much.
In a medium size.
We have this much in the mobile size, they are more connected.
Okay, so in the mobile size.
We just have some padding in the excess excess of three in the small size and above we have 5%, which
is around here.
After the medium size we have here and then in the large and above, we just set it to be here.
So that is enough for a styling here.
And then we're going to keep continue make the map results.
So we're going to show the other result.
So after this paragraph, we're going to create that map loop.
We're going to say if the result that items that map we want to get each result, if you remember inside
the results, we have items which includes all the information.
Now inside this one.
So let me.
We're going to have a div.
So let's.
We're going to have a div and this div.
We need to have a key first because when you use map, you need to add the key and the key is going
to be a unique things.
And because the most unique things that we have here in the result is the.
For example, result that title you can use or you can use the result that.
For example link anything can like this can be unique and then.
Inside this step.
We're going to have another dip.
Then we have to link tech.
So I'm going to bring the link tag from next.
This is coming from next forward slash link.
So the first link tag is going to have a h ref.
Going to result that link.
And inside this, we're going to see the result.
That, uh, formatted your app.
So the URL should be capital
formatted.
Let's see what we are getting here.
Let's refresh the page.
We are getting an error.
I think I put some extra.
Okay.
This here.
We missed the parentheses.
Sorry.
Let's see.
This one is for this one this far.
Like we missed the parenthesis.
Another parenthesis we need.
Okay, so now let's see.
Okay, Now we are getting the URL formatted URL.
As you can see in the final version we have formatted URL.
Then we have the title.
Then we have some kind of description.
So the formatted URL.
If you for example, search children cease.
The first website should be children dot com, as you can see.
So that is correct.
And then when we click on it, we are going to go to that website.
CSS dot com.
So that is correct.
The next thing we want to add is another link tag.
This one is going to go the same way, same place.
So the trip is going to be results.
Third link.
But inside this one, we're going to have the instead of formatted URL, we're going to have the title.
So I'm going to just write the result, that title.
So let's see, we get a title title to this to refresh the page.
Okay, we got this song.
We got the title.
That is fine.
Let's just style this one before going to the next section.
Or let's add the other section too, which is the last part, which is the result of HTML snippets.
So after this link we're going to have.
So now, after not after that link, after this tape, we're going to have this result that a snippet
or we can just get the HTML snippet because I want to get this kind of boldness, too, because they
give us HTML.
We need to parse it to show here.
Otherwise we we just get a weird result.
I'm going to show you first how to get the results.
So here we're going to have a paragraph.
And inside this paragraph, we're going to get the result.
Dot h HTML is Nippert.
Okay, so let's see what we get.
As you can see, we don't we cannot see that.
Okay.
We are now getting some results.
We haven't completed this style, and don't worry about this one.
We cannot fix that on.
So as you can see, we are getting some HTML tags like boldness and CSS or something like that.
So we don't want to show it like this.
We want to parse this one.
We're going to use a package called HTML React parcel to fix this one.
So we need to install a package.
Here, let it stop the server and we need to install a package called HTML dash react dash parser.
Okay.
And if you want to know what that is, you can search this one I show you here.
This is a champion package for HTML react parcel.
And let's see what they show us here.
So it has an option.
For example, if you have a paragraph tag.
Hello, world.
If you if you want to parse it.
Or if you want a show like this, you just say pass.
If you want to do the opposite, you do passer.
So.
I mean, sure, if you can see an example with us.
Okay.
I'm going to show you inside.
So there are a few things you need to get.
Let me see that.
And if they have partial example.
It's like they don't have, but it's okay.
So I'm going to show you how to use it.
So we install this package first thing first, and then let's just start the server again.
First we install it, we press enter.
This is going to install this package.
And what we do here, instead of just directly showing the result, we're going to use this parser.
So I'm going to import
parcel capital.
This is coming from HTML React parcel and this is going to wrap the resource.
So I'm going to put it here like this.
So now let's.
It stopped the server again using NPM run diff.
And then we checked that if we fix this boldness like that, instead of showing the check, we're going
to see this text to be pulled instead.
So now let's refresh the page.
I think a server is already started and let's see.
Yeah.
Because you just wait for a second.
Now we can see the word till the CSS is bold in some cases instead of just showing the bold.
All right.
So I think we have now everything.
Let's stall them.
This is kind of messy now.
Uh.
Let's start then we start from the results here.
We got the result the first day.
We just add a margin.
Add a bottle of eight and then I want to set the max width to be x l.
And the diff that is covering both of the links.
I want to make it group.
Because when I hover over any of them, I want to see a underline inside one of them.
So I'll show you how to do it inside the first link.
Let's add some styling.
I want to make it to be as small takes a small and in case there is a very long URL, I want to truncate
it.
So I don't want to show it in two lines.
TRUNCATE is going to add dot, dot, dot.
If the the the line is too long and it's neat.
It's needed to be in the second line.
This is going to remove the second line and add dot, dot, dot at the beginning.
And then here in the second link, we just say if we hover over it, but we hover over this diff which
would be made a group.
So we just say instead of just hover, we just say group dash hover.
So when we hover over both of these links inside this div, we want to add underline for this.
And then we want to add the change, the color of the underline to be a blue.
So we just say decoration to be blue 800, for example.
And then let's see what we have done.
So now when we hover even over this link here, we see the underlined here, event here.
It doesn't matter if we put it here or we put it on the link.
We see the underline.
Then for the.
This paragraph here.
Let's sell this one.
Let's make the text to be ex large.
Then we're going to truncate this one to.
And also we want to set the font weight to be medium.
We changed the color of the text to be blue.
800.
Okay, so let's see what.
Okay, let's refresh the page.
Now.
You can see the text here is blue.
And this is doesn't look right.
So let me check.
So.
Okay.
Let's see.
All right.
So, yeah, this.
This is styling.
Was not for this paragraph.
This was for the.
This link, this second link.
So I'm going to add this one at the end of here.
So it takes large truncate font, medium and text to be blue.
So this is for this one actually for the description.
We don't want to make a truncate, actually.
So for this paragraph, which is covering here, we just change the text to be gray 600.
So now we have this one here.
But these things actually are next to each other.
I want them to be on top of each other.
So I'm going to go to this div, which we made it group.
I want to change the display to flex that this is going to bring them next to each other, but we change
the flex to be column.
And.
Let's see.
Let's refresh the page.
So now they are on top of each other.
So the styling for this one is now completed.
So even we go here on the top of the link, we see the underline, we get the truncate and also we we
are getting this one right too.
But the problem is this footer is kind of messy.
Let me check that.
What what's the problem of the footer?
We go to footer the G6 and this one is absolute burden zero.
That is fine.
And then.
I.
I feel we sit this one to be a screen size and doesn't push this one down.
So I'm going to I think in this page.
But somewhere around here, I think this one, maybe it's around the layout.
So let me pause the video.
I'm going to fix this one and come back.
All right.
I'll find the problem because this footer is absolute it should be absolute relative to something which
should be the body of the screen.
So we need to go to the root layout inside the app directory, the root layout.
And we just this body section we need to add make this position to be relative.
And also we want to set the minimum size of the screen and minimum size of the height to be a screen.
So now if we go here and then we refresh the page, the.
Okay.
And let's refresh the page.
So as you can see, the.
The footer is at the end.
We are getting some error related to the results.
I'm going to.
Let's see.
What's the problem?
Okay, let's refresh the page.
Let me console.log the error and see the problem.
So we go to Web page.
So here, when we throw an error.
Let's first console.log the response.
So now it checks.
Okay, the response is null.
And let's see, what's the problem?
The problem was too many requests.
Okay.
Uh, probably when we are saving too much time, saving a lot, we're going to request from Google a
lot of time.
And this Google is.
Just, uh, banned me for a few seconds, So I'm going to pause the video, come back when this problem
is solved.
And let's add some weighting here as well.
So when we actually.
So I'm going to put some weighting here.
So we just added a weight here which is going to have a new promise and we're going to resolve it after,
for example, 5 seconds.
So this is going to prevent to fetch the data every time we save.
So we make it ten, 10 seconds.
So this is going to I recommend you do that because each time you save you instead of fetching, you're
going to wait 10 seconds and then fetch.
So when you finish a styling, you're going to fetch it.
Otherwise you're going to exhaust your API key.
Let's see that if already fixed or we need to wait more.
So now we need to wait actually 10 seconds until we get the we we get the result or not, we still getting
the same error.
I'm going to pause the video and I'll be back when this parent is finished.
All right.
So now we are getting the results.
I just played it a few minutes.
As you can see now, the footer is at the end because we have added that.
Inside the layout.
We have added this relative and min height screen at the body section, so we have fixed this problem
as well.
So that was it for getting the result for the website.
So the web results in the next section, we're going to fix these images and get the results like the
one in the final version, which shows like the images of the place.
So now let's add this one to GitHub.
I'm going to use Contour shift G to open the source control, and let's just create a message for that
one, which is going to be create search results component.
All right, So now we can just commit and push.
Let's go to our GitHub and we refresh this page.
Now, we should see the.
Let's refresh the page.
We still cannot see.
Now we have 14 commits, and the last one is create search result component, which we have installed
a package called HTML React parcel to parse the HTML, which is coming from the Google API, for example,
the boldness and other things.
And then inside the layout at JSX, we have fixed the problem of the footer to be not at the end of
the page by changing its position to be relative.
And we set the mean height to be the size of the screen, which is 100% of the report height.
Then we have added, we have imported the web search result inside the page that JSX.
And also I have added some delay here, which is going to resolve a promise after 10 seconds.
So I'm going to keep this one in order.
We don't get an error.
I highly recommend you do it.
Otherwise, Google is going to just band you for a few minutes.
So this is going to solve that one.
And you don't do any too much request.
And then.
We just deleted this red map here and instead we just passed the data as a props to this component that
we have created with search results.
So the web search results is going to be like this.
We have import a link and the parcel and we just show the number of.
The results and the seconds here at the beginning.
Then we just map through the items and for each item we have shown the formatted URL, the title, and
also the HTML snippets.
And also we have a style them, make them responsive for different size of this screen.
So that was it for creation.
This part.
Sorry about the some problem with the footer and the Google API.
Actually I, I keep this always the problems in the videos.
So if you encounter the same problem, you know that how to fix it.
I think that is very good.
Okay, so in the next section, we're going to work on the image part of the search results.
So see in the next section.